Fixing applies_to tags (#4465)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/elasticsearch/corruption-troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshoot data corruption [corruption-troubleshooting]

:::{note}
:applies_to: {"serverless": "ga", "ess": "ga", }

> While this section applies to troubleshooting  fully self-managed {{es}} clusters, {{ech}} and {{serverless-full}} deployments are designed to minimize the risk of data corruption through managed infrastructure and automated operations. If you encounter any of these issues in a managed Elastic Cloud environment, contact support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this section applies to troubleshooting  fully self-managed {{es}} clusters, {{ech}} deployments and {{serverless-full}} projects are designed to minimize the risk of data corruption through managed infrastructure and automated operations. If you encounter any of these issues in {{ecloud}}, contact Elastic Support.
```
